in an instant a fragile semblance of
calm and normaly for Palestinians turns
to
chaos an Israeli air strike hits a
school housing displaced Palestinians in
the town of
abasan just east of con yunus in
southern
Gaza we were sitting in a missile fell
and destroyed everything I lost my uncle
my cousins and my relatives
Vehicles covered in blood quickly usher
in the injured and the deceased to
nearby Nasser
[Music]
hospital hospital beds are a luxury in
Gaza as most patients are tended to on
the floor where they lay the Palestinian
Health Ministry says Israel's military
targeted six other displacement camps
throughout the besieged strip making
this one of the deadliest days in recent
weeks
[Applause]
the attacks come on the backdrop of
renewed ceasefire talks in Qatar on
Wednesday the CIA Chief as well as the
head of Israel's intelligence agency
mosad are expected to attend with
Israel's war on Gaza entering its 9th
month any excitement about those talks
remains mute for many Palestinians for
most people in the strip are just trying
to survive another
dayr Lan Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz